Instructor: In this lecture, I'm gonna show you
how to install Kali Linux
as a virtual machine on Apple macOS.
Skip this lecture if you already have Kali
and VMware installed,
or if you want to install it on Linux.
I will cover installing it on Linux in the next lecture.
The installation steps that I'm gonna show you
will work on all Apple computers,
whether they use the older 64-bit processors
or the new silicon chips, the M1, M2, M3, and so on.
Just make sure you download the correct version
from the download page.
If you have an older 64-bit Apple computer,
then download the 64-bit version.
If you have one of the newer Apple silicon computers,
then make sure you download the version
that is made for the Apple silicon computers.
I already have the correct version
downloaded for my computer in my downloads in here,
but as you can see, it is compressed
inside a 7-Zip archive.
We did this to reduce the size of the image
so you can download it faster.
So in order to use it, we have to decompress it first,
and to do that, you can simply double click the archive.
As you can see now, the archive is getting decompressed.
You wanna give it some time. This might take a minute or so.
Once done, you're gonna get a new file as you can see,
and this new file has a .vmwarevm extension.
So this is the actual virtual image file
that will allow us to run Kali Linux as a virtual machine.
To do this, to run Kali Linux as a virtual machine
inside our current operating system,
we're gonna have to install a virtualization software.
And the one that we're going to use is called VMware.
You can download VMware from the same page
where you downloaded the custom Kali Linux.
I'm gonna include its link
in the resources of this lecture as well.
And we're simply gonna scroll down
past the Kali download links.
You'll see a section here that allows you to download VMware
for all operating systems.
Now since we're installing Kali on an Apple computer,
make sure you download the version
that is made for Apple computers.
So we're gonna click on this link
and we're gonna click on Download one more time.
If you get a message like this one
saying unverified download blocked,
click Download file anyway.
You're only getting this
because you're downloading the file from here,
but you can validate the integrity of the file
using the signature in here.
Once the download is complete,
you're gonna see VMware downloaded
in your downloads directory in Finder.
And to install it, we're simply gonna double click it.
And installing it is identical
to installing any program on Apple macOS.
So we're simply gonna double click it, click Open,
enter the password, agree to the terms.
This program is free to use for personal use,
which is what we're doing here.
So you can simply use the product key
that I'm using myself here in this video.
I'm also gonna include it in the resources of this lecture.
And we're gonna click on Continue and Done.
Now you might be asked for permissions
to offer extra features, so we're gonna allow it.
You can allow this
by clicking on the system preferences here.
Click on the lock icon to edit the preferences,
put the password, and tick the box next to VMware.
Once done, we're gonna close the preferences,
and as you can see,
we have VMware's welcome screen right here,
which will allow you to create
or import a new virtual machine.
I'm actually gonna close this because I want to show you
how to launch the program from scratch,
and then how to import and add virtual machines to it.
So to do that simply we're gonna go to all applications,
and you can look for VMware in the search bar
or simply just scroll through until you find it.
One click will start the program
and you'll see that we're back to the same welcome screen
that allows us to create or import new virtual machines.
But we actually want to use a ready virtual machine
that I've already created for you.
So all you have to do is simply go back to the downloads
where you downloaded the custom Kali in Finder.
And this is the image that I downloaded
and showed you at the start of the lecture.
The whole process that I showed you so far
should work on all Apple computers.
You just want to make sure
that you download the correct version for your computer.
If you have a silicon-based ARM processor,
then make sure you download the ARM version.
If you have an older 64-bit processor,
then make sure you download the 64-bit version.
So I have the correct version downloaded in here,
and I'm simply going to double click it to run it in VMware.
Now, because this is the first time I run this machine,
it's given me an option to upgrade it.
You might not always get this depending on your settings,
but if you get it, click on Upgrade.
This will give you more features
and more freedom with using the virtual machine.
And we're gonna say OK for this warning message,
and we're gonna say that we copied it.
And perfect, now this virtual machine is actually booting
inside my own operating system.
So now it's asking us to log in.
The default username is root, R-O-O-T,
and the default password is toor, T-O-O-R.
I'm gonna hit Enter to log in.
And perfect, now I'm logged in
and I'm running Kali Linux as a virtual machine
inside my main operating system,
which is this macOS computer.
To go on full screen,
you can simply click the green button in here
and the resolution will automatically change.
I know this might look a little bit scary,
but don't worry about it.
I will walk you through it step by step
as we go through the course,
and you'll see how easy it is to use it for hacking.
For now, to exit the full screen,
you can simply go to the top, keep the mouse there,
and click the green button again.
And to turn this machine off,
you can simply click the turn off button in here,
click the power button again, and click Power Off.
Click Power Off one more time, and now the machine is off.
Now in here on the top right,
you can see we have a VMware icon,
and if you click it, you'll see a list
of all of the virtual machines
installed inside your current operating system.
As you can see, I only have one
because we already installed one so far.
If you click the virtual machine library in here,
again, it'll show you a nice window
with a list of all the installed virtual machines.
And if you wanna edit the settings of any of these machines,
you can simply right click it and click on Settings.
This machine is already configured to run well,
but you can modify this if you have more resources
to get it to run even faster.
So I just wanna show you how to modify the settings
because the process is the same for any virtual machine
that you might install even in the future.
Usually, the main settings that affect performance
are the processors and memory.
So here you can adjust the amount of memory
that this virtual machine can use by moving the slider,
and you can change the number of processors
that this machine can use using this dropdown menu.
By default, this is set to two processors
and two gigabytes of memory.
This is enough to run the machine decently,
but if you have more resources,
then feel free to increase this
to get the virtual machine to run even faster.
Now, let's go back
and I also wanna show you the network settings
for this specific virtual machine.
And as you can see,
by default, this is set to share with my Mac,
and this basically sets up a virtual network
where my host machine
is going to be the router for this network,
and then all the virtual machines
are going to be clients connected to this network.
So they're going to get internet connection
from my host machine.
And at the same time, all of my virtual machines
will be connected to the same virtual network.
This is very handy because my virtual machines
will be able to communicate with each other,
and therefore will be able to use the Kali machine
to hack into the others,
will be able to test network attacks and do much more.
So this setting will first allow my virtual machines
to have internet connection,
and it'll also allow them to communicate with each other
through this virtual NAT network.
Now, this virtual network will rely on the connection
of your host computer.
So it will not need any extra interfaces,
it will not need any extra adapters.
And as far as the virtual machines are concerned,
they are connected to an ethernet network,
but in reality, they are connected through the host machine.
Again, click on Show All to go back
to all of the other settings.
But like I said, you don't need to modify anything.
Everything should be configured
and set properly for you to run with no issues at all.
If you face any issues,
then check out the featured questions,
and feel free to ask us.
We will respond to you within less than 15 hours.
And like I said, don't worry about how to use Kali.
I will cover that in detail step by step
as we go through the course.